so what is a hookah good question a
hookah is simply a device used for
smoking flavored tobacco where the smoke
is first purified through water before
it is inhaled it's not drugs
it's just flavored tobacco and it tastes
really good now the main components of
the hookah are the bowl which is where
the tobacco is actually held the body or
the stem which has that long skinny part
where the smoke passes down through and
into the water basin where the smoke is
actually purified and cooled down a
little bit before it goes through the
hose and into the smokers lungs so what
exactly are we smoking here again it's a
wet flavored tobacco most commonly
referred to as shisha and modern-day
shisha is made up of the following first
of course there's tobacco leaves along
with something sweet like honey sugar or
molasses
there's also glycerin which helps
produce nice thick puffy smoke clouds
there's a little bit of nicotine in fact
less nicotine than cigarettes although
you do inhale a greater amount of smoke
during a hookah session and finally the
fun part the flavoring and this is
typically made up of dried fruit
although manufacturers these days are
getting very creative with the types of
flavoring that they're using alright now
let's talk about the history of the
hookah the hookah is said to have
originated in India near the Pakistan
border in the 1500s it was invented by a
physician who was concerned about the
health risks of smoking now over time
the popularity of the hookah spread
westward into the Middle East through
Iran and into Turkey from there went
south through Lebanon and Syria down
into northern Africa through Egypt and
from there it has spread to much of the
Western world and has particularly
become very popular in the United States
since about the 1960s and 70s along this
journey the hookah has picked up several
nicknames including the Argyle a Lula
shisha and Mara pipe just to name a few
hookahs are becoming more popular over
time and hookah bars and shisha shops
are popping up all over the place
particularly in more urban and
metropolitan areas as well as colleges
and university campuses so what should
you do if you're interested in learning
more
about hookahs or maybe you'd like to buy
a hookah or some accessories head on
over to hookah detective comm and we'll
hook you up or if you're already on the
website just scroll down through this
post for more information it's a desire
let me stand next to your body
my god
baby